docs: minimum linux requirements for electron 36 (#6219)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/references/migration-guide.mdx

Node.js versions 18 and 23 are no longer supported.
[See Node's release schedule](https://github.com/nodejs/Release).

### Unsupported Linux Distributions

Prebuilt binaries for Linux are no longer compatible with Linux distributions based on glibc `<2.31`.
This support is in line with Node.js's support for Linux in 20+.

> If you're using a Linux distribution based on glibc `<2.31`, for example, Ubuntu 18.04, RHEL 8, CentOS 8, AlmaLinux 8, Rocky Linux 8, you'll need to

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using a Linux distribution based on glibc `<2.31`, for example, RHEL 8, CentOS 8, AlmaLinux 8, Rocky Linux 8, you'll need to
```

> If you're using a Linux distribution based on glibc `<2.31`, for example, RHEL 8, CentOS 8, AlmaLinux 8, Rocky Linux 8, you'll need to
> update your system to a newer version to install Cypress 15+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a Linux distribution based on glibc `<2.31`, you'll need to
update your system to a newer version to install Cypress 15+.
To display which version of glibc your Linux system is running, execute `ldd --version`.
```

This avoids a partial enumeration of affected Linux distros, which could imply support. These distros were however not previously mentioned. CentOS 8 already reached EOL in 2021. The above change is safer and more general.
